Add a new function called Reset. This function will "reset" the fighter's stance to be able to execute more normal and responsive inputs (which is naturally snappy and quick) for a while depending on training and fatigue, this new fatigue being called “Energy”. 
The fighters will experience guard fatigue, where taking a lot of shots causes the forearms to begin to delay behind the rest of the fighter very subtly when walking, simulating inertia with a subtle sway in the direction of the fighter’s walking after the fighter moves (a 0.02 second sway time to start, and at max a 0.5 second sway time), and taking punches will take away 0 max Energy for the first 3 punches landed against that fighter then a punch taken takes a base 5 energy per punch, and at 250 punches the fighter will have their sway capped at 0.5 seconds, and every punch taken adds +1 more energy taken (capped at +20), but Energy loss is uncapped. The sway distance will be 40% of the slip distance. Every 5 energy takes 3 points of current stamina (not max stamina), and every consecutive punch taken will sap an additional point away per punch until the fighter resets, and on reset this compounding punch factor resets to 5 energy.

When a fighter begins losing energy, The torso will sway subtly in the direction of where the fighter last walked to then sway back into normal position, this effect goes from 0% to 50% (a gradual ramp). The fighter will also have a 0% slower guard sliding animation speed at Max Energy, up to 50% slower at 150 punches taken. 
The fighter’s punch launch and retraction will slow down when at 300 punches taken (this is a gradual ramp), going from a +0% punch launch and retraction time debuff to +50% punch launch and retraction time debuff at a max fatigue of 200 punches. Fatigue accumulates when a fighter is hit in their rhythm vulnerability range or stunned. 

During the fatigue sway, blocking becomes 90% ineffective until the end of the sway, and a fighter’s punch input only registers when the arm part of the sway is over 25% complete. Throwing a punch while the torso sway is incomplete will cause the punch to have a +25% miss rate and -50% damage and make it unable to crit or stun. Sway effects end when the sway animation ends. The Reset key will be “B”, which causes the fighter to temporarily negate the sway and sway effects of their low energy until they get hit again or after 20 seconds passes, this is done by ending all swaying by snapping the torso first then 0.1 seconds later, snapping the left arm then 0.1 seconds later right arm (this is reversed on a southpaw fighter) to where they should be without swaying, and allowing the normal snappy movements until they get rhythm cut, stunned, or crit, without perfect blocking. Resetting will cause the resetter’s rhythm in the middle of their green zone for 0.25 seconds, and a Reset’s sliding times takes twice as long at 1% current stamina vs full current stamina. The base fatigue value is equal to the fighter’s current stamina (not max stamina). Hitting someone when they’re fatigued will now be the only way to have a stun chance, even if it’s a rhythm cut. Weightlifting makes the fatigued blocking effectiveness go up by an additive 1% per session, with a 1% Decay of 2 weeks starting at the 3rd week’s beginning. Throwing charge punches in sparring reduces the fatigue sways damage debuff by 1% every 2 charge punches landed, with a decay of 4 weeks starting at the 5th week’s beginning. Slipping during your own reset in sparring raises the slipping speed while a reset is occurring by an additive 1%, with a 1% decay of 3 weeks starting on the 4th week’s beginning. All these decay factors can be raised by 1 week by executing 50 cumulative repetitions of these movements in sparring, with an unlimited decay week ceiling. There is no visual text onsite screen that describes energy or sway or resetting, just animations that players must visually see. Resetting 2 seconds after getting hit costs 1% max stamina permanently (capped at 90% max stamina). Make it so the ai resets after getting stunned or crit.