Career mode needs to keep track of every three string combo the player throws more than once that ends in a punch, cumulatively in all types of career sparring sessions.
Left and right uppercuts, jabs, hooks, ducking, blocking, arming for a charge punch, and feinting are all pieces of 3-string combos the ai can memorize when the player repeats them, and the ai can respond accordingly. The player can practice their own 3-string movements called Drilled Actions in sparring: the more the player is successful on landing any part of the string, the more effective it becomes: After 20 total cumulative repetitions in any sparring mode (not career bouts), the Drilled Action’s “Sharpness” goes up in the following ways: stun chance goes up by 0.25% for the last part of the offensive pattern (as long as it’s a punch) up to 100%, Crit goes up 0.25% during the last part of the pattern and capped at 100%, and the power for the last part of the offensive string goes up by 1% (capped at 300%). After 200 successful repetitions, the last part of the offensive string no longer no longer costs stamina and pauses the stamina penalty count for 1 second if landed. After 300 successful repetitions, the player's dodge is boosted by 50% for 1 second after the combo completes. The game will watch the Drilled Action being thrown (the game watches when the player is within 90px and reads every two inputs, then watches 3 inputs to apply the sharpness buff if it makes contact, and if during the Drilled Action at least one punch lands (regardless of whether or not it was perfectly blocked), then the drilled action page adds that to the list and the counter for that action goes up by 1.

You must factor in that all punches are left-right dependent, and southpaw & orthodox stances (so a left jab will become a left cross, plus the fighters can switch stances mid combo, so there's way more punch options that the game counts. Switching stances isn't a part of the set of actions that are recorded in the Drilled Action, but the total must factor in that switching stances at any time before or after an attack may change which hand executes what. In Career Stats in Career Hub, Remove the Playstyle Network and replace it with “Drilled Motion Progress.” Drilled Action progress will be a scrollable list of combos executed by the player, and the list will only add Drilled Actions when the player repeats the drilled action twice in a career, and the list will be able to hold 1000 Drilled Combos, and auto-sorts them by Success (how many times they’ve been landed). Each Drilled Action’s Sharpness counter goes to 9999. At 9999, the Punch that the combo starts with has a 50% faster animation speed, base +30% Crit rate and 3x Power permanently when that singular punch is thrown. Drilled Actions list and counter should be save-dependent and survive download+ upload career saves.

Drilled Action components are as follows: Left Jab, Right Jab, Left Cross, Right Cross, (jabs and cross are separate for orthodox and southpaw), Left Hook, Right Hook, Left Uppercut, Right Uppercut, duck, feint